Extract common format schema (#1)
due-benchmark/du-schema: README.md

JSON Lines is a convenient format for storing structured data that may be processed one record at a time. It works well with Unix-like text processing tools and shell pipelines (see [this link](https://jsonlines.org/) for more information).

## Common format

The aim of the `documents_content` schema is to store outputs from external tools. 
We decided to create a format - _common format_ - for storing information about documents' contents.

> The main advantage of a common format, compared to hOCR, is using less disc space. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main advantage of a common format, compared to hOCR, is easier parsing and the use of less disk space. 
```
